Update the Commenting Style in the DPDK backend (#4619)
p4lang/p4c: docs/README.md

## Documentation Comments Style Guide 
- Use triple slashes `///` for documenting functions and classes in files.
- Double slashes `//` should be used for "internal" comments within functions.
- Double slashes `//` should be used for inline comment.
- For rare occasions such as adding comments to multi-line macros, you may use `/* ... */` style comments.
- There should be no space at the end of the comment.

> - First latter of comment should be Capital letter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- First letter of the comment should be a capital letter.
```

Reviewer: Also add that each comment should end with a fullstop/period. Please also do this for the comments in this PR.

Author: Any other suggestion that we can implement?

## Documentation Comments Style Guide 
- Use triple slashes `///` for documenting functions and classes in files.
- Double slashes `//` should be used for "internal" comments within functions.
- Double slashes `//` should be used for inline comment.
- For rare occasions such as adding comments to multi-line macros, you may use `/* ... */` style comments.
- There should be no space at the end of the comment.
- First letter of the comment should be a capital letter.

> - Each comment should be end with a fullstop/period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each comment should end with a period.
```
